There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.The most important thing in the world is family and love.Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.Where there is love there is life.A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.